The four siblings remember you as a rare genius in a century
I will give you a way to live
But I didn't expect it to kill myself
Although I am not busy
But your strength
I can feel it all
I will pay the four of you in the Five Emperors
Five feet two people have practiced for many years
But less than their fur
What is it?
How can we balance the strength of the four of us?
Whether I'm worthy or not, you'll know in a while
Hey, hey, hey.
Several Dharma Protectors, please listen to Xiao's words
You are the master of the Xiao family next week, Xiao
Are you going to plead for him?
Although this person is kind to my Xiao family
But he said something rude today
Stealing 50 years of memories
Even more fake the supreme god of war to ride as a pig?
What nonsense
Today is my Xiao family's martial arts recruitment
It is also the auspicious day of the little girl's nitrate moon
If you let it be secret on the spot
It's not enough.
It is better to let the four adults bring it to the five-minister platform
Dispose of it again
Everything in hell started because of your Xiao family
You are not qualified to negotiate any conditions with us yet.
If you don't want your Xiao family to be implicated
Then let your daughter kill him with the Ichen sword
Nakamitai
You can put a way for the Xiao family to live in the basin